Right.
Why is the hair so hot?
Excuse me, Director General.
Ten years, what are you doing?
Sir.
Me, don't get me wrong.
I almost fell.
Try to help me a little.
Right.
Don't be afraid.
I'm just kidding.
Of course I believe you.
You two are my closest people.
Even if everyone in this world betrays me
Both of you.
Right?
Yes, it's my fiancé.
Why won't you do anything?
Uh, I've got a job, Secretary Ninh.
Arrange for you a job later.
Yes.
Afternoon tea
Okay.
Classmate, I'm leaving.
The British secretary.
There's an urgent job here.
You translate it.
Bonus is doubled
Master, I'll finish it quickly.
Ma'am, aren't you bleeding very well?
I'm asking you to find a way to destroy his project.
It's best to defeat him.
I want him to break the cloud.
Get out of the story, don't worry.
It's finally translated.
Off work
What situation?
I finally came to work.
Didn't you translate for that project yesterday?
It is convenient to carefully complete the translation and send it to the supervisor Hoang.
Director Huang put this project in his charge.
It took half a day.
Also send translated documents for everyone to see in the group.
Isn't this what I translated?
How to make the composition clear?